# DragonFlagon Hotkeys Library

## Release 2.3.4 (2021-04-13)
- Adjusted wording of Ctrl+W warning, per Varriount's suggestion.
- Localisation: Spanish translation courtesy of [José E. Lozano (Viriato139ac#0342)](https://github.com/lozalojo)

## Release 2.3.3 (2021-04-03)
- Removed some code that was accidentally left in after testing an issue for a user.

## Release 2.3.2 (2021-03-27)
- Fixed issue with resetting settings from a custom config.
- Corrected issue with groups having a period '.' in the name. Group and Hotkey names cannot contain '::' as it is used as a delimiter in the HTML input field names.

## Release 2.3.0 & 2.3.1 (2021-03-27)
- Added ability to display your own filtered version of the Hotkeys Config menu.
- Fixed some of the Type Definitions which were not generating well.
- 2.3.1: Small hotfix for an accidental crash that was caused by 2.3.0

## Release 2.2.0 (2021-03-23)
- Fix: Hotkeys were stealing input from elements that were made editable. These types of elements will now be handled the same as Input and TextArea elements.
- Added: `onKeyDown` and `onKeyUp` will now receive the original keyboard events.
- Localisation: Japanese translation courtesy of Touge

## Release 2.1.0 (2021-03-19)
- Re-added onKeyUp handling. This change somehow got reverted before I did my previouse release 🤦‍♂️
- Bug Fix: Hotkeys will now be ignored if the user currently has a Text Field or Text Area currently focused.
- Added a bunch of additional inline code documentation for anyone wanting to read through how the library works.
- Removed the Shift, Ctrl, and Alt keys from the Keys list since those are meta keys for the shortcuts.

## Release 2.0.0 (2021-03-18)
- Added new Shim file that is generated by the build system for those who do not wish for a hard dependency.
- Added 20 more keys that can be listened to.
- Changed hotkey registration to no longer require you to host the game setting. Hotkeys will now store the keybindings within its own settings.
- `default` can now also be a static KeyMap definition instead of just a function.

## Release 1.1.0 (2021-03-17)
- Added `onKeyDown` and `onKeyUp` to listen for both explicit actions.
- Added `repeat` boolean option. This will allow the `onKeyDown` handler to be called for repeated key down events that occur from the user holding the key down.
- Deprecated: `handle` field is now deprecated in leu of using `onKeyDown`

## Release 1.0.1-1.0.2 (2021-03-16)
- Added parameter validation to the `registerHotkey` and `registerGroup` functions. This way a developer can catch a problem early.
- 0-Day Bug Fix: Saving hotkey configurations was failing due to using `expandObject`.
- Moved key labels into Locale file so they can be potentially translated.

## Release 1.0.0 (2021-03-15)
- Initial release with full features.